---
title: Trans Issues Are Not Yours To Politically Leverage
published: true
---
I don't often discuss this, mostly because I hate talking about my issues. I always just assume that nobody wants to listen to it. I realize it's more problem, but I often feel envious of people that can talk about their problems. I'm more the type to supress my own problem, until I can't hold it anymore. This has led to the issue of sometimes going for hours and days without posting, and then having one long string of posting, venting about specific issues, generally related to politics like Classical Liberalism and Alt-Leftism. However what I don't often discuss is increasing suicidal feelings. Somehow I manage to get through, but at one point when I was living with my ex, I had attempted suicide three different times.

Generally I don't discuss this fact much ( if any ) on social media, mostly because the people I know that tend to do this, generally use this for the purpose of emotional manipulation. Generally idealogical groups that I had been a part of over this long three years since I stopped living in Washington State. I would have thought these feelings would have gone away, but they keep resurfacing. Sure, possibly it's because of 2020. But I've had these issues long before 2020 had arrived. I'm increasingly finding it difficult to explain my frusteration of how to deal with issues like how my own biological issues near and dear to me are being manipulated for political capital by those who claim to be what I am.

Places like Spiked and Quilette equate is to Cancel Culture and Woke capitalism. But this only really addresses the societal issues of such political extremism, but it doesn't really address the relationship break down that happens when society falls apart. Like my relationship with my ex, where I still sometimes feel like I'm the one that was at fault in the relationship. Neither Liberalism, Leftism, or Alt-Right platitudes really address the issue of New Atheism, Transhumanism, and other issues being used to emotionally manipulate me. The ones that do address this, but on a societal issue, whole sale dismiss trans issues: as if somehow that were actually a fix that Gender Abolitionism. But the problem is trans issues did not originate with political leftist thought, they simply aped it and twisted it into an issue that it wasn't.

Increasingly feeling like I'm never going to get the opprotunity to pursue hormonal changes and bottom surgery, all thanks to both extreme leftists that try to completely discredit trans medical healthcare, or completely dismiss trans issues as being something only "abusive men" want to do. And this is supposedly left-wingers that are doing this shit as well. And yet I'm suppose to just sit around and let people basically gaslight me into thinking my biological issues are invalid, and let people say they face the same descrimination because they dye their hair a funky color/

Plus I've been continuously harassed by comicsgate, taking advantage of me becoming more politically moderate. I've began distance myself from all online groups where I feel like my personal issues are being used to leverage a political cause, rather than therapy.

I think I will make it through, but it's not something I can really predict. I know exactly how that sounds, and that is why I've resisted saying anything. You people on all sides manipulating me everywhere, and I can't resolve it, without going to extraordinary lengths to secure my privacy, that I've began lapsing on because maintaining is really hard to do. I know, because I've lived with someone that would do things like going on and on about how much I hurt them, when they were the ones hurting me. And Gender Critical people use this as an excuse to say I'm not trans.

All sides of political debate, my biological issues are not yours to politically manipulate.
