---
title: Why Suggesting Therapy Doesn't Solve Societal Problems
published: true
---
Despite Donald Trump using bravado to try to clamp down on Fake News, if anything the dynamic of fake news, and moral outrage has gotten worse, and it’s perpetuate by both sides of politics.

The real issue that our society is facing, is that tech giants haven’t done anything to solve the problem of firms regulating the misbehavior of their own tabloid and social media departments. Instead you have endless amount of users and publishers exploiting their fear impulse, without researching anything about the topics in which they’re trying to exploit. One topic near and dear to me is AI. The other is trans issues. Trump made this stupid statement about fake news, but if anything the reality of fake news has gotten worse and not better.

Back in 2016, I was living with someone that would manipulate my fear impulse about issues like Transhumanism and things of this nature. She was also an ardent atheist as well. However I would only find out that all this information was entirely false ( except the atheism ), and that transhumanism was actually a more left-wing idea than what was presented. She had also told me that figures like Pepe The Frog were hate symbols, and other things. And that Hillary Clinton was aping Bernie Sanders positions for campaign clout. After three years out of this relationship, I was expecting these issues to go away. Instead the situation of lack of information about topics online, do to the proliferation of tabloids has gotten way more out of hand, despite authoritarian overtures to try to solve the problem.

I thought joining Breadtube would solve this problem, but instead I was tossed right into the Lion’s den, and had to subject myself to the worst sorts of fake news: created by the left-wing equivalent to Gamergate types, who had been rehabilitated into being more socially acceptable. But their underlying nature of being like Gamergate was basically the same. One person part of this one discord server even manipulated my PTSD, which I have had ever sense my ex room mate sexually abused me. Yet if you talk to the majority of right-wing people, you have people suggesting you get therapy instead of treating underliny issues like trans healthcare. Which is just as bad as denying people hormones because they don’t have the proper Left-Wing party line.

I honestly cannot even tell where these two factions, that look freighteningly similar to each other, even get their news from. Most of the news, until I found Breadtube, had largely been MSNBC, The Intercept, and so on. Now I can even watch shows like what Glenn Greenwald host, because I associate that side of politics with fear mongering and power play dynamics. This is people’s lives we are dealing with when you make issues an US vs. Them dynamic. I also feel like Gender Critical and Gender Abolitionist are part of this same Us vs. Them dynamic.

So I left the Breadtube circles and other places because I got tired of having my personal issues used and abused. I legitimately thought that the technical field was different in some way: before I left Breadtube I knew this one guy that would constantly bitch and moan ignorantly about the dangers of AI, without knowing a lick about its implementation. This entire diatribe last an entire five fucking hours. Even Comicsgate videos do not last nearly this long. The longest live stream should about about thirty minutes to an hour at most, and this isn’t spent derailing topics about the dangers of fucking AI.

All this shit is hours I could have spent getting an actual technical career to finance my transition. And now it seems like they’re trying to politicize AI now. Stop please, I’m not fucking interested.

Therapy is only going to solve your own mental health problems. But it’s not going to solve issues related to a dysfunctional society, and the way that it forces people to have an US vs. Them dynamic. Or manipulate your own US vs. Them mindset, which I had to resolve on my own, because I could not properly access a regular gender therapist do to Gender Abolitionists attempt to discredit proper Trans Healthcare.
