---
title: Topics Treated On Their Own Merits
published: true
---
Once you remove yourself from the different idealogies that try to gaslight you, for various different reasons, what seems apparent: they treat users who want the topic to treated as its own thing on its own merits, as paramount to enabling the other side of political / pop culture. For Breadtube, that is literally enabling Fascism. For Comicsgate, it’s as petty as enabling SJWs to take over comics. In any case, both trans issues and comics are simply not allowed to be treated on their own merits. Despite the fact I have so much to say just on those topics: transgenderism and comic books. It’s almost as if as soon as one topic losing their monopolization around it, it get go into the Public Domain, which people are only to talk about the topics in their own terms.

There are several things I want to write personal essays about, whether that be what my fetishes are, what my art techniques are in comics, and other aspects of my life, where it almost seems like I have to give such thing a topic tag, and then remove from the channel, those who make my videos about anything else besides what it is in the topic. One of the reason I left web forums, was the ability to set my own topics, rather than have topic basically dictated to me by force of idealogy. I have several fetishes that I enjoy, and I honestly find it perturbing that I would have to filter that through the perspective of any given idealogy, and I feel about my art process much the same way. As unrelated as they might same, my fetishes and my art style are more interrelated than you might think.

Consider for example, Erotica as a genre. It is in the nature of erotica fiction that the author in question explores what specifically arouses them, as largely the main topic on the book, essay, or web comic. And yet, for whatever reason, a particularly vocal minority either exclusively wants you to talk about eroticism and gender issues through the perspective of critical theories, or through the lens of bashing the SJWs; both of these are extremely oppressive.

If these were channels largely made by young people, I could maybe let it slide that topics are treated in such an ignorant fashion, after all, everyone has a certain period in which they need to mature ( although then they shouldn’t be watching my videos to begin with ). But in both of these you have honest adults ( or I should say biological adults ) that seek to control the narrative of which people speak about their lives.

I have several fetishes i like to explore in my fiction, and fiction through the lens of one fetish ( rather than politics ) is a topic on its own deserving of equal measures of respect. Both sides are dogmatic and want to keep their topics “pure”, essentially code for wanting to monopolize the topic for their own ends, even which such topic does not belong to them. My fiction and my fetishes and desires, are exclusively my own. My choice for what medium to publish these, is my own personal choice. And how many copies to print, in order to sell to my target audience ( which is defined my yours truly ) is exclusively my own. It neither belongs to the state or private enterprise.

I like to write about shoe fetishes, because Birkenstock fetishes, ( especially the Boston style, but I also like the Arizona style ) is my own fetish. And it is not something the state or private enterprises should regulate. So lets be on topic on my channel, in erotic graphic novels.
